=pod

=head1 NAME

with - execute Perl code on files matching pattern

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  with -pattern PATTERN -do CODE FILES

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<with> takes a PATTERN, possibly a regular expression, a PATH and a piece of
Perl code that'll be executed on every matching file in turn.

The Perl code will be injected in a C<for(@_) { ... }> block.

    sub {
        use strict 'refs';
        BEGIN {
            $^H{'feature_say'} = q(1);
        }
        foreach $_ (@_) {
          # YOUR CODE INJECTED HERE
        }
    }

Note that C<say()> is imported for convience.

The C<--depth> flag controls how many directories we'll descend into. The
default is infinite.

=head1 OPTIONS

  -do,    --do        execute <code> for every file
  -p,     --pattern   match files with pattern
  -mp,    --mplayer   play with mplayer
  -de,    --depth     descend at most n levels of directories

  -h,     --help      show the help and exit
  -v,     --version   show version info and exit
  -m,     --man       show the documentation and exit

=head1 EXAMPLES

Find all music videos by Laleh, in 720p and mkv format. Print the results with
LS_COLORS attributes (Need L<File::LsColor>).

  with -pattern 'laleh.*720.*\.mkv$' -do 'say ls_color($_)' $HOME/Mvids

Find all persistent undo files vim has created and remove them.

  with -pattern '\.un~$' -do 'print "$_ deleted\n" if unlink $_'


=head1 AUTHOR

  Magnus Woldrich
  CPAN ID: WOLDRICH
  magnus@trapd00r.se
  http://japh.se

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

None required yet.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2011 the B<with> L</AUTHOR> and L</CONTRIBUTORS> as listed above.

=head1 LICENSE

This program is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
